[cli] add `childip max` command (#4759)
openthread/openthread: src/cli/README.md

* [channel](#channel)
* [child](#child-list)
* [childip](#childip)

> * [childipnum](#childipnum)

Reviewer: use `childip count`?

Author: updated to be `childip max`

Done
```

### childip max

> Get the maximum number of IP addresses that the parent could store per child.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the maximum number of IP addresses that each MTD child may register with this device as parent.
```

```bash
> childip max
4
Done
```

### childip max \<count\>

> Set the maximum number of IP addresses that the parent could store per child.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the maximum number of IP addresses that each MTD child may register with this device as parent.
```

Done
```

### childipnum

> Get the number of IP address that the parent could store per child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the number of IP addresses that the parent can store per child.
```

```bash
> childipnum
4
Done
```

### childipnum \<num\>

> Set the number of IP address that the parent could store per child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the number of IP addresses that the parent can store per child.
```
